2:22 PM 12/6/2014

Status of current team.
Abhilash hopes to extend his stay in bay area, but will likely move back to
Philadelphia.
Ragini is moving to Texas.
Phillip has little bandwidth in early 2015; likely 3h per week.
Peter can put in 5h per week.
Linda has bandwidth for clinical aspects of project.

Aim to onboard engineering expert to take on role of product manager or PI.
PhD student in Linda's department may be interested.
Richard Fan.
Researcher in urology department.
Currently applying for faculty position.
Bioengineering background.
Has experience with MRI and prostate biopsy.

Linda meet with Richard by Jan.
Will discuss our aims and preliminary findings to Richard.

Modes of communication.
BlueJeans audio and video conferencing.
BlueJeans sponsored by Stanford.
Should set up regular meetings.

Aims and scope.
Focus on product that is cheap and disposable.
Question: Do we want one-time-use items that can be thrown away?
Question: Are we looking to target do-it-yourself users in the home or
professional users in the clinic?

Using audio as metric is minimally invasive on privacy.

Question: Can we make use of 3D printing to build our product? Is it cheap and
efficient?

Product must be easy to clean or dispose.

Aim to draft design document to specify scope of project, its limitations, the
qualities we look for in a product manager, etc.

Intellectual property.
Anything patentable is property of Stanford if we work with Linda, Richard, and
Jeff.

Re patents.
We can patent idea.
Cannot patent machines because they already exist.
May be able to patent machines if come up with something really novel.
if we decide our product is not something around which we want to build a
company, we can try to get someone to buy our patent or product.

May run into issues with attempt to publish.
Can publish results and analyses obtained from using machine (or product), but
cannot publish technical details of machine.

Re Genentech.
Herbert Boyer (UCSF) and Stanley Cohen (Stanford)
Method to change genome of bacteria.

Action items:
Onboard full-time or committed part-time member to take on role of product
manager or PI.
Look to Jeff or Richard first, and then Stanford bioengineering department.
